doc: fix release process doc (#133)
jeertmans/languagetool-rust: RELEASE-PROCESS.md

Reviewer: Couldn’t we set the no publish and no tag config variables in Cargo.toml? So we can simplify the commands in the docs.

See https://github.com/crate-ci/cargo-release/blob/master/docs/reference.md#config-fields

Reviewer: Maybe update the sentence to say that we use cargo release to bump version and to update the change log, not to publish all packages.

Reviewer: For step 4, probably add in parentheses that we prerer creating tags through GitHub releases

```
Here are the following steps to release a new version:

1. create a branch `release-x.y.z` from the main branch;
2. run `cargo release <version|LEVEL>`;
3. create a pull request;

> 4. and, once your branch was merged to `main` tag it `vx.y.z` and push it (we prefer to create tags through git tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. and, once your branch was merged to `main` tag it `vx.y.z` and push it (we prefer to create tags through GitHub releases)
```

Here are the following steps to release a new version:

1. create a branch `release-x.y.z` from the main branch;
2. run `cargo release <version|LEVEL>`;
3. create a pull request;

> 4. and, once your branch was merged to `main` tag it `vx.y.z` and push it (we prefer to create tags through git tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. and, once your branch was merged to `main` tag it `vx.y.z` and push it (we prefer to create tags through GitHub releases)
```
